[Autogenerated] Hi, everyone.
My name is yes, but young and welcome to my course.
Spring integration getting started.
I am an independent software developer with many years of experience
designing and building enterprise software systems in job harvest
spring In almost all software projects,
you're going to have to make your software connect to other systems.
Often this involves writing lots off plumbing code, which is code.
That's not about real business logic off your application,
and that takes a lot of time to write and maintain.
In this course, we're going to dive into spring integration,
which has lots off ready made components for connecting two different
systems without the need to write a lot of plumbing code.
Some of the major topics that will cover include
enterprise integration patterns,
which are the design patterns that spring integration is based upon.
Using a synchronous messaging to connect components within your
application as well as different applications,
point to point messaging and published subscribe messaging and ways to
handle errors in your spring integration application.
By the end of this course, you will have a solid understanding,
offspring integration and enterprise integration patterns,
and you'll be ready to use spring integration in your
own work before beginning the course,
you should be familiar with the basics off the spring framework.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving deeper into spring integration with the
other courses in the spring integration Learning path.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn spring
integration with the spring integration getting start, of course, at Pluralsight.